[theme music]
[Mi-seon] The sounds of Gongjin.
[boat engine revving]
[waves crashing]
[soft music playing]
[beeping]
-Thanks!
-[man] It was delicious.
It's good to see you, guys!
[lively music playing]
[siren blaring]
[sizzling]
[rasping]
-[kids] Taekwon!
-[instructor yells]
[kids] Taekwondo!
-[warbling]
-[parents chuckling]
Mm!
[both chuckle]
[tinkling]
[soft chuckle]
[sighs]
[clinking]
-[crunches]
-[doorbell dings]
[Du-sik] Yoon Hye-jin! Package for you!
[Mi-seon] This is the sound
of Miss Yoon Hye-jin, who's from Seoul,
rushing out to receive a package.
-Ooh!
-[gasps softly]
[wind gusting]
Package for you.
Uh, right.
Wow, you even work on weekends?
Yeah, I'm just covering
for people right now.
Jin-seok broke his arm.
Oh, that's not good. Poor guy.
-Don't I need to sign for that?
-Your face is your signature.
[chuckles]
You know, a face like yours
is rare in my town.
-Is that an insult?
-Yeah, well, that depends.
[grumbles]
Let me tell you about your face in Seoul.
You think you're good-looking?
A face like yours is more common
than anything in my town.
-All right?
-Okay. Got it.
It's more common than the squid
hold into the harbor this morning.
Hi.
-Thoughts?
-Not bad.
[sighs]
"Not bad" isn't good enough
for battle armor.
-Isn't it a dentist's wedding?
-Well, yeah.
-And everyone will be there.
-Hmm…
They'll talk about
how I opened a clinic here,
probably laugh.
-And they'll think I've gone insane.
-[Mi-seon sighs]
All you dentists are super pathetic.
And I'm telling you, I'm gonna look like
the least pathetic one.
Yeah, how about new clothes
at a department store?
Have you seen this place?
The boondocks have no department stores.
[Mi-seon] You're right about that.
Just one way for me to survive.
[upbeat music playing]
Yoon Hye-jin!
Yoon Hye-jin?
-Yeah?
-It's pretty!
-It's not boring?
-Yoon… Yoon Hye-jin?
Yoon Hye-jin? Yoon Hye-jin?
What do you think?
A bit too much, right?
[sighs]
-More an awards show outfit?
-Yeah.
-[knocking on door]
-Miss Yoon? Miss Yoon?
[Du-sik] Miss Yoon!
♪ Miss Yoon, Yoon Hye-jin ♪
♪ Miss Yoon ♪
Oh, yeah.
-Well?
-[laughs]
-This is hard.
-Yep.
Miss Pyo?
Is this yours?
Do I look rich?
-Oh, yeah.
-Just a…
-Hm…
-…missing part.
[Du-sik] Miss Yoon? Miss Yoon?
What are you doing?
And why are you ordering so much?
Sorry about so many boxes.
[grunting]
Come on. Seriously.
[groans]
How many boxes of stuff do you need?
US, Germany, England…
You've got boxes from every country
in the world.
I just ordered some clothes. That's all.
It's none of your business.
But how do you even wear so many clothes?
Uh, well, a fashion terrorist like you
wouldn't understand it, so--
Whoa! You don't understand functionality.
[Du-sik] Look at this.
-Yeah, utility.
-You got a patient,
so you're splurging now, is that it?
How will you save up enough money
to go to Seoul?
I'm going this weekend.
-This weekend?
-Yes.
I have something important.
And these are the last ones for a while,
so quit complaining.
[door opens]
[quirky music playing]
Whoa!
That one's like, pow!
It brightens your complexion.
-You like that?
-Yeah.
-Do I look okay?
-Look at me.
Ooh! Turn around.
[amused gasp]
Wow!
[Mi-seon laughs]
Bravo!
You look amazing!
Now, into the battlefield!
-Yeah!
-[both laugh]
-I got to go.
-Go. Okay.
I'll see you. Oh, make sure
you feed the hedgehog.
Yeah.
They would've been perfect for this look.
I'm sorry.
If I'd been more careful,
your beautiful partner
would be here with us.
[romantic music playing]
Well, I barely even knew it was you.
You're different, too.
I'm not expecting any packages today.
-No. I have a favor to ask.
-Now? I'm busy.
[playful music playing]
I heard you'll be going to Seoul.
-Let's go together.
-Uh, what?
Uh, they all really need a ride.
Miss Gam-ri needs
to give marinated crab to her son.
Miss Mat-i… What a beautiful hat.
Her friend's grandson
is having a birthday party.
[Du-sik] Miss Suk-ja's daughter
hurt her back,
and asked her to help with her kids today.
[chuckles]
They're ready.
Can we talk?
You can't just bring this on me
all of a sudden.
So we're good? We're good, right?
[Du-sik] Let's go.
-Okay.
-Let's go.
-[sighs]
-[Du-sik] It's okay, right?
-Come on. She'll drive us.
-Unbelievable.
-[sighs]
-All right.
Uh… Hey, is the lid shut? I couldn't hear.
Yes, it is. It's closed tight.
Don't worry about it.
-New car?
-How's that important?
Hey, what is this?
We should go.
We got several stops to make.
Then we'll talk.
Hm.
[upbeat music playing]
-[plastic rustling]
-Oh, why did you pack so much food?
This isn't very much, actually.
If anything, I may not have
packed enough for all of us.
You made potato cakes?
That's amazing. These are my favorite.
-[chomps]
-If don't want to get carsick,
you should keep chewing,
it helps the stomachache.
Dr. Yoon, you have one.
I'm okay. I'm driving.
-What are you doing?
-Don't talk with your mouth full.
It's bad manners.
Miss Gam-ri, how come
you're not eating one?
I had a big breakfast,
so I'm still pretty full.
You can at least have one.
She made it for us.
[groans]
What's wrong?
I think they're underdone.
I bit down, and it's so hard.
Hey, it's not my fault!
You're the one with fragile teeth!
[Mat-i] Everyone else is eating them.
Just spit it out already!
Your teeth hurting you?
You should've told me sooner.
Gam-ri, ask her
to give you a nice discount.
Oh, shut up. Stop spewing nonsense.
Miss Kim, if you come to my clinic,
I'll treat you well.
-[car swooshing]
-[gasps]
[all gasp]
[quirky music playing]
-[Suk-ja] Goodness gracious.
-Are you okay?
I almost had a heart attack.
That scared me so bad. Oh, my god!
[Gam-ri] I can't believe that happened.
[Du-sik] We should really get
that guy's license revoked.
-[clicks]
-[car zooming]
-[Du-sik] What? Are you chasing him?
-He should know who he's messing with.
Hey, come on. Don't drive like that guy.
[car horn honking]
Hey!
-Hey, man, you almost hit me!
-Oh, my god.
-You could've caused an accident!
-What?
You can't be driving so fast
and swirling like that!
-Yeah, but I… I know what I'm doing.
-What did you say?
No harm done, so what's the problem?
You can't be driving like that.
One day, you'll cause an accident.
Don't put other people at risk.
Blah, blah. God, you're making
such a big deal out of nothing.
This is why
they shouldn't let women drive.
What did you say to me?
Hey, you better watch
what you're saying, man.
Goddamn it! What the hell
is that bastard babbling about?
You're a little bastard!
-How dare you speak to us like that?
-Um, where--
After what you just did?
You crazy asshole!
[Mat-i] You son of a bitch!
Let me tell you something!
I ought to rip out your kidneys out
with my bare hands,
pull out your lungs,
and jump-rope with your intestines!
-You've got crazy women all over that car.
-Damn right, bastard!
-[Mat-i] Worthless, little dogtard!
-Damn it. Damn it. You are insane.
You little bastard, where are you going?
Come back here, you asshole!
[Mat-i] What an asshole.
How dare he run his mouth on us?
[quirky music playing]
You see, my mom was from Beolgyo.
-Mm-hm.
-Hm.
What should we do?
[Gam-ri] The potato cakes
are all over the floor.
[gasps]
Oh, dear. What a waste.
-Wet wipes in there.
-Oh, in here?
WE'RE GETTING MARRIED
CHUNG-HO
REST AREA
[indistinct PA chatter]
FISH CAKE SKEWERS
WALNUT CAKES
Want some?
Do you seriously have an appetite
after what you've done?
Oh, yeah. Roasted potatoes
are the best at rest areas.
No, soddeok-soddeok are.
-I can get you one?
-No, thanks.
Ugh. What's taking them so long?
[sighs]
I'm going to be late.
We have enough time.
Why are you in a hurry?
You should just try to relax.
We've got a great view.
[sighs]
Whatever.
Want a soddeok-soddeok?
Oh, this way.
[distant disco music playing]
-Where are they going?
-What in the…
-[Hye-jin] What are they doing?
-I love this!
Ugh!
So annoying.
Ugh.
[mutters]
-[disco music playing]
-Suk-ja is a good dancer!
Let's go, Suk-ja!
[laughter]
-All right!
-Oh, yeah!
-[Du-sik] Doing great!
-I'm really sorry,
but could we turn off the music?
What?
It's just, when I'm driving,
music is distracting.
-[sighs]
-[Gam-ri] Turn it off.
We shouldn't bother the driver.
Ah, she doesn't like fun. Sorry.
Just be quiet.
So, where are you from?
Ah, I was born in Seoul,
raised in Gyeonggi.
Goodness. Same here.
When I got married,
I moved to Gongjin from Yangpyeong
when I was very young.
Which Yoon family do you belong to?
Uh, the Haenam Yoon clan.
Oh, so is my daughter-in-law.
So, who is your earliest ancestor?
Um, my…
I don't… I'm not sure.
Those who don't know
their family's history
have no future, they say.
So you should know at least a little.
I'm sorry.
[Suk-ja] What do your parents do?
Um, well, my dad has retired.
And my mom passed away.
[sighs]
My gosh. Why did you ask her that?
How was I supposed to know, huh?
I'm sorry.
It's okay. Thank you.
That was a long time ago.
I was so little.
[Suk-ja] Ah! Oh, dear.
Dr. Yoon, I need a bathroom.
-Pretty soon. Can we stop?
-A restroom?
-Uh, it's getting late.
-Huh?
-Is it an emergency?
-[groaning]
When you're old,
it makes everything an emergency.
Cut it out!
Our bladders become weak as we age.
Aging is inconvenient in many ways.
-Quit it now!
-Hang on just a minute.
-Hold on. Wait.
-Oh, dear.
BETMEORI
REST AREA
-I need to go.
-It's that way.
WOMEN'S RESTROOM
WOMEN'S TOILET
-Feel better? Come on!
-Let's go.
[tires screech]
[Gam-ri] You should've gone with me.
Oh, my god.
-Please exit safely.
-I'm gonna go.
I'll be right back. Two minutes.
[Gam-ri] You're just unbelievable.
-Oh, you have to go again?
-[Suk-ja laughing]
[tires screech]
-We'll wait here.
-[Gam-ri] Okay.
-I ate too much. I need to poop.
-Go together.
-We're halfway there.
-[Du-sik] Be careful.
[sighs]
[grunts]
What's taking them so long?
They just went in.
Oh, this sucks.
[Du-sik] Grandma, be careful!
To be honest, I thought you
might give me hell after they got out.
Why are you quiet?
I believe in returning favors.
This is a favor I'm doing for you,
because I owe you one.
Although, I do want to say…
What?
…that what you pulled today
was inconsiderate, rude, disrespectful…
-Admit that it was out of line.
-Well, I thought there'd be more.
They needed to be in a car.
I wasn't gonna have them take the bus,
and hold their bladders the whole way.
And my truck would've been
too uncomfortable.
Relax. You did a good deed.
You're in my space.
Like I said before,
I hate it when people cross the line.
-Don't let it happen again.
-Drop me off.
-Do I make myself clear?
-Drop me off here.
[sighs]
-[clicks]
-Whoa!
[tires screech]
Ah, what a rough driver.
By the way, why did you come?
-What did you need?
-See ya.
He's just not likable.
Ugh, I'm so late!
HEALTH AND MEDICAL CENTER
SEOUL NEW-GEN UROLOGY CLINIC
HOPE SMILE DENTIST
PSYCHIATRIC CLINIC
[funky music playing]
[background chatter]
Gangwon Province must be far,
seeing how you were late today.
Mm, I had my reasons.
At least I made the photo.
Gosh, Hye-jin used to be so punctual
-that her nickname was Cinderella.
-[ladies chuckle]
That's right.
Whenever we had a party,
you'd be gone before midnight.
That was a long time ago.
Let's talk about now.
How are you, guys?
Same old things.
Working on weekdays,
golfing and shopping on weekends.
Ji-won, how does it feel
to open a clinic in Gangnam?
Me? I'm not really that excited about it.
I spend most of my income
paying off my loan.
I'm barely making ends meet.
Last year,
I paid 300 million won in taxes.
-[coughs]
-[gasps]
[Ji-won] They awarded me
for being an exemplary taxpayer.
But that's just another way
of saying I'm a sucker.
How much do you make
to pay so much in taxes?
Well, I think I'm making
a decent amount of money.
[Si-yeon] Wow!
[laughs]
I know. In some ways, I envy Hye-jin.
A clinic in a middle of nowhere?
It's so simple and cute.
[awkward chuckle]
You're not so up-to-date, are you?
No wonder they say people in Seoul
have such narrow outlooks.
-Huh?
-Rural areas are more developed now.
It's pretty great, you know?
You don't have to go abroad
to appreciate nice views.
And the hospitals there,
they make a lot more money.
I'm the only dentist,
so my clinic is flooded with patients.
There was even an article
about rural doctors
making more money
than the doctors in the city.
Sorry. I forgot.
You're not much for reading.
[awkward chuckle]
[sighs]
I don't need to put up
with them mocking me.
[sighs]
It's so annoying.
-[bride] It's gonna be a good trip.
-[bride's mom crying]
-[bride] Don't cry.
-[bride's mom] My baby girl.
Call me when you get there.
I just wanna make sure you're safe.
[bride] Okay. Go home and rest.
[somber music playing]
-Just don't cry. It'll ruin your makeup.
-Okay.
[bride's mom] Be good to my girl.
[Du-sik] What are you staring at?
What? What are you doing here?
Are you jealous that they're married
and going on a honeymoon?
How did you know I was here just now?
I saw the invite.
It was next to the wet wipes.
I left my phone in your car.
Still, you shouldn't have come here!
Someone might see us!
What, you're famous now?
I wouldn't worry, really.
Everyone from my university is here.
This is insane.
[sighs]
Let's go this way.
Did I do something wrong?
Ahh, okay, okay. Why are you…
Sorry.
Stop, stop. I'm going. Jeez.
[camera shutter clicking]
[gasps]
I wasn't planning to ride back with you.
Just so you know.
Whatever. It's all right.
Drop me at the bus station.
Yeah, sure!
-We've passed it already.
-Oh, well…
I guess I'll let you give me a ride.
[sighs]
This is nice.
Let me know if you get tired.
I don't mind taking a turn driving.
I'll drive. I can't stand
when other people touch my things.
And besides, it's new.
Okay. I'll just relax, then.
It's all good.
[tranquil music playing]
[Hye-jin sighs]
Some wine would be nice by the river.
[Du-sik sighs]
Makgeolli by the ocean
is just magnificent.
[gasps]
Ooh, the pasta at that place!
It's so good.
Hm, oh, snow crab ramyeon
on a boat is fantastic.
It's weird to realize I'm going back
to the boondocks right now.
There are skyscrapers everywhere.
Ugh! It's suffocating.
[groans]
I can't wait to go back to Gongjin.
You're so… simple-minded.
[groans]
Can you turn the air on?
Turn it up yourself.
-[snaps]
-Uh…
And don't touch my car.
[Du-sik sighs]
DON'T LITTER
ONE MILLION WON FINE
Maybe they thought
it doesn't apply on a weekend.
Oh! If I find you,
you're dead meat, you hear me?
What should I do? Chief Hong isn't here.
-He's not here?
-He went to Seoul today.
It seems like he's been
going to Seoul a lot.
[sighs]
Hye-jin went to Seoul, too.
Oh, Miss Landlady.
Are you that friend of hers
who's living with her?
Yeah, that's right.
[chuckles]
You're our patient, Mr. Choi Eun-cheol.
-Hello.
-You're a police officer?
Yeah.
Wow, you look different in your uniform.
You look so reliable. Official.
When you came to our clinic,
you were terrified and trembling.
No, I wasn't.
-Were you?
-Uh, no.
Next time, you don't have
to be so nervous.
See you next time you come in.
-Have a good day.
-Yeah, see you. Bye.
[sniffles, clears throat]
[quirky music playing]
Why is she here?
Ugh! Take a photo for evidence.
We should install a surveillance camera.
[female voice] The toll is 12,700 won.
[groaning]
[yawns]
We're almost home.
When did I fall asleep?
Oh, you've been asleep for forever.
It's comfortable. You got a nice car.
[sighs]
I feel like your chauffeur.
I've driven all day.
I offered to drive, you said no.
I'm just saying
you could've kept me company.
I remember you told us
-to be quiet when you're driving.
-[sarcastic laugh]
-Well, aren't you observant?
-[sighs]
SOMEONE LITTERED AGAIN.
WE'RE HAVING A MEETING
AT THE RESTAURANT.
Could you drop me off
at the raw fish restaurant?
There's an emergency meeting.
[sighs]
I don't want to walk.
[scoffs]
-Yeah, right.
-Thanks.
[breathes angrily]
[cell phone trills]
CLASSMATES CHATROOM
What?
When did this get taken?
[chimes]
[Su-jin] I didn't know
you had a boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend.
[Hye-jin] He's not my boyfriend.
I just ran into someone I knew.
[Si-yeon] Boyfriend?
[gasps]
Gosh, he's so cute.
[Ji-won] Totally. Where did you meet
such a handsome guy?
I was surprised too when I saw him.
[breathes deeply]
[Hye-jin] He's not a boyfriend.
I'm not interested,
but he keeps chasing me.
[playful music playing]
This is cute?
[breathes deeply]
[romantic music playing]
[sighs]
I'm trying to stay awake,
and you're asleep?
-Look at you.
-[inhales sharply]
[scoffs]
[romantic music playing]
[gasps]
[panting]
[somber music playing]
[pills rattling]
[water sloshing]
[sighs]
GONGJIN MARKET
[overlapping chatter]
[lively music playing]
Have a good day.
The ideal temperature for drip coffee
is between 88 and 95 degrees.
What did I say?
-Oh. Ninety…
-…five degrees.
Right.
Now, when you pour water,
start at the center.
Slowly spiral outward.
[Du-sik] Then bring it back to the center,
once you see the bubbles
start to disappear.
Then you start the second brew.
Ahh, looks like bread that's rising.
[Du-sik] Right. Isn't it cute?
-Yes, it is.
-Hey there.
-Hello. Come in. Here.
-You're going to work?
-You work here, too?
-Well, yeah. Yep, sometimes.
Your life is pretty strange.
Do you even know what you're doing?
Try some and find out.
[Chun-jae] He's one talented man.
He's a certified barista.
He's been teaching me coffee.
[laughs]
All right, I'll let you take over,
and give it to her.
-Me?
-Yes.
Really? Okay.
[laughing]
-[Chun-jae] Is it already time?
-[Du-sik] Yes, it is.
All right. My first coffee.
Where are you going?
Just remove the dripper,
or it'll get bitter.
-Okay.
-[sloshing]
-All right. You're my very first customer.
-[door opens, closes]
I'll take a latte, please.
With a lot of syrup.
This doesn't suit me, does it? Yeah.
Something's off.
Gosh, this thing…
Ah.
[Yong-hun] What are you doing?
Candy gives me a little pickup, you know?
Always drowsy on… Mondays!
[yawning]
-Just Mondays?
-[grunts]
-You're drowsy every day of the week.
-I'm not!
-[Du-sik] Goodness.
-[Hwa-jeong] Hello, everyone.
-Hello.
-Hello, everyone.
-Here.
-Take this.
What brings you here? Oh!
-[Yeong-guk] What is this?
-Can't you see? It's trash.
I know, but why'd you bring it
in here for?
There have been 12 cases of littering
at the market this year.
We've asked you nine times
to install a security camera.
However, you have yet to put one up.
And yesterday, we found more litter there.
-[muffled grunt]
-Are you okay?
I already asked city hall,
but it hasn't been approved yet.
-They take so long! You know that!
-Of course, of course. I know.
We all completely understand
your situation.
You have a tight budget and a ton of work.
-[Du-sik] It must be tough.
-Hey, thank you for understanding.
We're gonna put up a camera,
and burn these bonds.
-What? How?
-Every crime leaves a trace.
So the evidence is likely in this trash.
-[all grunting]
-[retches]
I think we'll take a look inside the bags,
find out here what they ate.
-Ready? Should I?
-Rip it.
-Du-sik, don't!
-Let me go!
-Please don't do this!
-I need to find out what's in here.
-Have you lost your mind?
-Then I'll open this.
Hwa-jeong, don't! Hwa-jeong!
"Hwa-jeong"?
You should really know
when to address professionally, Mr. Chang.
Oh, okay! You're right!
Miss Yeo, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Miss…
Du-sik, you know, I happen to have
some business at city hall today.
Um, I'll go on to them,
then make sure they know exactly
what we are demanding from them today!
I'm serious. I want a camera, too.
I'll demand to have one.
-Will you?
-[Yeong-guk] Yes!
A three-million-pixel HD camera
with adjustable angles. Got it? Deal?
Got it. Yeah. Let's do that.
-Okay.
-I'll get it done.
So now just, please, get out. Take this.
[garbage bags rustling]
-Ahh! It's a lovely day.
-It's a great day to file a complaint.
-[Du-sik] Right.
-Have a good day.
-[groaning]
-Yeong-guk!
-Are you okay?
-Ohh!
Oh, my gosh.
I don't think I will…
live a very long life.
-[gasps]
-Open the windows!
[groans]
WE WILL TREAT YOU LIKE FAMILY
GONGJIN-DONG
[door opens]
[Hye-jin sighs]
Ohh.
Looks like a full schedule.
Mm-hm. Make sure you warm up,
so you don't hurt yourself.
Okay.
[sighs]
Hye-jin, help me out. Look.
Which color do you think looks better?
They're both pretty.
-That one.
-This one?
-Yeah.
-Okay, okay.
What's with all the makeup, huh?
Our booked patient will be here soon.
-An appointment?
-Yes.
-Who is it?
-[clears throat]
"Lee Seung-gi, Choi Eun-cheol…"
-[Hye-jin] Hello.
-Oh, hello. Come in.
Hello.
[quirky music playing]
Please wait one minute.
[Mi-seon clears throat]
[chuckles]
-[Mi-seon] Ah! Let me help you.
-[Eun-cheol] Okay.
[whispers]
Stop it.
-Ah, follow me.
-Okay.
[ladies chuckling]
[Hye-jin] Okay. We're done
with the root canal treatment.
Miss Pyo, please take care of the rest.
[Mi-seon] Okay.
-Please keep your mouth open.
-Okay.
I'm going to temporarily fill in
your tooth.
So, Mr. Choi,
what did you do last weekend?
[mumbling]
Working.
Ah, you worked? It must've been tiring.
What do you do in your free time?
[mumbling]
Reading.
Mm, I see. So you really enjoy reading.
What's your favorite book?
[mumbling]
My Sweet Orange Tree is my favorite book.
Oh, My Sweet Orange Tree.
Open your mouth.
What?
How did she understand?
[Du-sik] I gotta get going. See ya.
Take it easy!
[Gam-ri sighs]
-Want a ride?
-Of course.
-[chuckles]
-Hey.
What have you got there?
-I got a bit of halibut as a…
-[plastic rustles]
Well, as a "thank you" gift.
You should grill it up for your dinner.
I'm going to have it with you.
[chuckles]
I'm on to your plan
to make me cook for you.
-Always thinking you're tricky.
-[laughs]
-Like this.
-You got me.
Okay. Hold on tight,
if you don't want to fall off.
-[Du-sik] Okay.
-[Gam-ri] Ready?
-[Du-sik] Oh, yeah!
-[Gam-ri] All right.
-[Gam-ri grunts]
-[Du-sik] Let's go!
[Gam-ri] Okay!
[laughs]
[birds trill, squawk]
-[slurping]
-[clatters]
THEATER OF LIFE
Again? Aren't you sick of this?
Honestly, for me, this is the best,
most entertaining show ever.
Yeah, 'cause of that song.
♪ If I could be on TV
How wonderful would it be? ♪
-Oh, stop your nonsense!
-[chuckles]
-Just eat your fish.
-[laughs]
Okay.
[slurps]
Mmm!
Oh, I love this soy sauce marinated crab.
What did Won-seok say? He liked it?
I don't know. He was busy, so…
I wasn't able to be there long.
Oh, you went out there,
but weren't able to eat together.
Yeah. Hey, mix some rice in the shell.
And eat that way.
-Okay.
-It's so much better that way.
-Hey, you haven't been eating that much.
-No, it's okay.
[sighs]
[groaning]
[Gam-ri gulps]
What's that about?
Are you interested in Mr. Choi?
Maybe.
[scoffs]
Unbelievable. You only met him twice.
Hey, that doesn't matter. Who cares?
When I saw him in his uniform, so cute!
[breathes deeply]
I saw his birthday,
and he's four years younger than I am.
So it's game over.
[sighs]
You're lucky it's so simple for you.
How did you know his birthday?
Don't look at patients' information.
You're violating
the Personal Information Protection Act.
Hi, Dr. Yoon!
-Oh, Bo-ra.
-[laughs]
I know I agreed to take care of it,
but you can't barge in here like this.
I know.
But I missed him so much.
You're here already here,
so take a good look in your pet.
[chuckles]
Dr. Yoon, have you picked him up yet?
-Um, no.
-Have you held him?
-Have you even taken him for a walk?
-Of course not.
You know, I've been studying
about hedgehogs a lot lately.
You can bond with them. It's really cool.
And when you do,
they will actually lay down their spines,
so you can pet them.
[sighs]
Feeding it and picking up its poop
is already a nuisance.
And you'll be taking it back soon.
Dr. Yoon, but still, you don't want
to bond with him at all?
How about the test? It's soon, isn't it?
Has I-jun been studying hard?
That boy studies all the time.
Anyway, it's his birthday today.
Ah, nice.
Tell him "happy birthday."
Okay.
[Bo-ra chuckles]
[both] ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear I-jun ♪
-Ohh!
-[applause]
-Go, go! Blow… Blow out the candles.
-Yeah. Blow them.
[blowing air]
-Yeah!
-[Hwa-jeong giggling]
Okay, I-jun.
Open this one. I love you so much.
Here. This is from me. I love you.
I got the most expensive toy blocks,
just for you, mister!
-[laughs]
-Have you ever seen him
play with toys before?
And I got a book for you.
Why would you get him a book?
I mean, he's always reading.
That's so thoughtless.
-Thank you.
-[chuckles]
When I grow up, I'll repay your kindness.
I-jun, I told you to speak casually to me.
You agreed to do that, remember?
Right? That's the best way to repay me.
[laughs]
He's not a kid.
Just let him speak how he wants to.
Don't force it.
That's interesting, coming from someone
who begged him to talk casually,
as if he was a friend.
-Don't act like you didn't.
-When did I do that?
-Last time, you begged him…
-[I-jun breathes heavily]
-I would like to say…
-Oh. Yeah?
We don't have to get together
on my birthday next year.
Because you're divorced.
[somber music playing]
Yeah, we are.
Are you upset that we're divorced?
I was hurt when I was six.
But I'm nine now, so I'm okay.
Ah, that's good.
Just because we're divorced,
it doesn't mean we don't love you,
or that you're not our son.
We want to be together
to celebrate your birthday.
[Hwa-jeong] We really do.
Yes. She's right.
I-jun, your birthday is the most
important day of the year to me.
It's better than a national holiday.
[both chuckle]
That's good.
You want some cake, sweetie?
I bought the best one just for you.
-Let's cut it.
-But dessert comes after dinner.
Right. All right.
Eat whatever you want on your birthday.
Yes, let's have some real food.
Well, be my guest.
Start eating.
You know he waits for adults to eat first.
Uh, I forgot. All right, look here.
I'm eating. Big bite here.
The biggest. Ahh!
[chomps]
[Yeong-guk] Mmm!
Thank you for the meal.
Ohh.
Let's eat.
[calm music playing]
Thank you for the meal, huh.
-It's about time you said it.
-Mmm.
[Yeong-guk mumbling]
Your cucumber kimchi is still really good.
You know, I still crave your kimchi
every now and then.
-[Yeong-guk] Mmm.
-Eat as much as you want.
[Yeong-guk chuckles]
I-jun, have some japchae.
Mm, try this.
You must have some on your birthday.
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
[Gam-ri] Aah!
-[Gam-ri whimpering]
-Dentist, you have a patient.
I said I didn't want to come.
I'm going to give you an earful
once we're out of here!
-Which way? Is it that way?
-Yes.
Gosh! Let me down this instant!
[Hye-jin] Judging by the X-ray,
you must have been in a lot of pain.
Why? Uh, is it that bad?
I happened to be speaking with my patient,
if you don't mind? So please butt out.
Okay. Talk with her.
Hmm… There's not much to say.
I've been chewing for the past 80 years.
It seems only natural
that my teeth have grown weak.
But they're in pretty good condition
for your age.
Huh?
You can still get implants.
Oh, implants?
I heard implants are expensive.
Uh, listen, I understand your concern.
But your insurance will cover
up to two of them.
-You're responsible for 30 percent.
-Mm-hm.
You just have to pay for one implant.
So how much would it be total?
Uh, um… Let me see.
-About… this much.
-[gasps]
Oh, dear. That's too expensive.
Why would I spend
all that money on my teeth?
Just pull them all out already.
-Hey, Grandma.
-Hm?
You can also get dentures,
if you think implants are too expensive.
But implants are much, much stronger.
They'd be better, because implants
are stronger than dentures.
You have pretty strong bones
for someone your age.
It'd be best--
No, I'm not doing it. Pull them all out.
Yeah, just pull out
all of my weaker teeth.
Grandma, give it some thought,
though, or you'll--
Ma'am.
Teeth aren't something
you can pull out easily.
It could even be dangerous,
life-threatening for the elderly.
You won't be able to eat well.
You may suffer from malnutrition.
Your bones will weaken,
make it hard to walk.
It could get really serious.
Hey, you don't have
to scare her, all right?
Do you not have enough money?
-Come on.
-Hm?
How much money would you need for it?
I have money! I'm not a peasant!
I own a nice house here in town,
and I have a big plot of land.
[Gam-ri] And that's not all.
My son has a good job.
He's an accountant in Seoul.
Gosh. And my granddaughter
goes to Harvard University in the US, so…
So the issue with the treatment
is you don't want to spend money?
[Hye-jin scoffs]
Then I have nothing more to say.
-That's all.
-Hey, what?
[Gam-ri] What? Unbelievable.
I'll leave, yeah.
Oh, you… you think that just because
you're a dentist, you're so great?
-Fine. I'll leave.
-Grandma, hey. Grandma.
-[Gam-ri groaning]
-Grandma.
-Let's talk about this.
-No!
-Hear me out, please.
-I don't want to.
[Du-sik] Come on.
Let me just say something.
-Grandma.
-[Gam-ri] Forget it.
DOCTOR'S OFFICE
I thought you left.
-Did you have to do it that way?
-What do you…
Asking about her finances like that.
I mean, you're a doctor.
You just send her away?
Watch what you say to me.
I asked because she was dead set
on not getting the treatment
that she needed.
You could've put it nicer, though.
No. A dental clinic
isn't a convenience store
where you just ask
for whatever you want to.
To pull out somebody's teeth,
the patient must be completely informed.
I understand that.
It doesn't mean you could be a jerk.
What if she was your grandmother,
then what would you do?
Yeah, but she's not.
-So why should I care?
-What?
What about you?
That woman isn't even your real grandma.
-[pen clatters]
-[sighs]
Some people don't change, do they?
-[pen clatters]
My god. He's annoying.
[sighs]
CHUNG-HO HARDWARE
[laughing]
Huh?
[clears throat]
Hey there. Your goods haven't arrived.
You only put in the order,
and haven't paid yet, right?
-I did!
-[scoffs]
Geum-cheol.
You can't fool me.
[sighs]
Okay, I haven't.
-[blows air]
-Why do you ask?
[sighs]
I know you.
You never pay money upfront
before you check the goods out yourself.
I'm begging you. Please stop coming here.
I promise I'll put another order.
[sighs]
Aren't I your only friend?
Yeah, pretty much.
But I think I can manage
without having any friends.
-You got an envelope?
-Yeah.
[plastic rustling]
[clears throat]
Hello. Isn't the weather lovely?
Are you mad at me,
because I dragged you there?
[sighs]
Seems like you're pretty upset with me.
I want you to get proper treatment
for your teeth.
It must be bothering you,
you know, so much?
So I'm going to give you something, okay?
Don't get mad, okay? You know…
I grew up big, because you fed me.
I'm going to, uh, pay for your treatment.
So with this, we go
and get those teeth fixed.
I will give you three seconds
to get out of here.
-Ah, come on, now.
-Three.
-Let's…
-Two.
Let's talk about this.
-One.
-Grandma!
Gosh, I got wet, too.
-All right. Okay!
-You want another bucket?
-Get lost!
-Okay, going!
Grandma, I'll come back tomorrow,
you know that.
-You're still here?
-[water splashes]
-I'm coming back.
-Gosh.
[Hye-jin] I hate him.
How dare he?
And why does he meddle
with other people's affairs?
He should mind his own business.
He's always so nosy.
Does he want to be complimented
for his kindness?
-You're really worked up.
-Yeah?
-Ugh. No, I'm not.
-You totally are.
Your decibel level is very high.
I've never seen you
so worked up before over someone.
He… He just…
[scoffs]
He rubs me the wrong way.
[cell phone buzzing]
CHIEF HONG
He's calling me.
See? He won't leave me alone.
Why did you call me so late?
-But you still came.
-Bye.
Sit, will you?
Look. Do you know what those lights are?
[Hye-jin] Who cares?
[Du-sik] They're squid boats.
Those fishermen are hard at work.
But from here,
those boats just look like pretty lights.
Miss Gam-ri has been cleaning squid
for decades now.
She never gets sick of them
and still loves eating them.
But she hasn't had one for a while.
You're trying to get my sympathy,
and I am not in the mood right now.
I'll pay for the treatment.
But I have to ask you, though.
What is it?
Keep her from finding out about it.
Tell her it's some
other cheap treatment, all right?
I can't do that.
It's part of my job and responsibility.
I must notify my patients
of the treatment process.
Fine. Just let me know the total.
I'll pay the difference for her.
If she asked you, you could
tell her you gave her a discount.
She doesn't want it.
Forcing her just won't work.
There's a little bit more to it.
She's led a very selfless life.
She never learned
how to put herself first.
She just puts up with the pain?
-How selfish of her.
-Selfish?
She's the most selfless woman
I've ever met. All right?
Making sacrifices to provide for her kids?
Even now, not wanting to be a burden.
You see what I'm telling you?
No, afraid I don't.
It's frustrating for me to watch.
Why are you being so cold, huh?
You have no idea
what you're talking about.
You know what it means
to be a good parent?
A big part is staying healthy.
They shouldn't endure pain
to save money for their children.
It's their job to stay healthy.
Get it?
[somber music playing]
[sighs]
SUNDAE, TTEOK
Mom!
[panting]
[sighs]
Oh, hey.
[bride] Don't cry, Mom.
I'm crying because I'm excited.
[chuckles]
Don't cry, dear.
I'm not, okay?
[bride's mom chuckles]
[Hye-jin] …and my mom passed away.
It's okay. Thank you.
That was a long time ago.
I was so little.
[exhales deeply]
You're not okay.
Hey, Miss Gam-ri.
Hi, Miss Gam-ri.
I didn't bring any money today.
I'm serious. I didn't bring it.
How could you throw water at me?
I could've caught a cold.
Hmm. No one catches a cold
during the summertime.
Hey, I can be really scary
if you start to make me angry.
Yeah. I won't upset you anymore.
Good.
Uh, why aren't you using
the washing machine?
There's not enough dirty laundry
to run the washer.
Waste of electricity.
Let me do it. Go sit down.
-It's okay.
-Let me do it, all right?
Well, you… Oh.
Just rub it real good.
-Okay.
-Or it won't get clean enough.
Ugh, you're nagging.
Okay, fine. Look. Is that good?
-Mm-hm.
-Go sit down.
Oh, I'll leave you to it.
-Okay, fine. No more nagging.
-[Gam-ri groaning]
Grandma.
I'm actually upset with you.
You accept money from your son,
but won't accept it from me?
Am I a stranger or what?
Hey, you want me
to throw more water on you?
All right, no problem, then.
I take it back.
[bell tinkling]
[chuckles]
I love the sound
of that bell you put up there.
Yeah, it's really pretty. Thank you.
Ah, I'm glad you enjoy it.
You're going to enjoy
a lot of great views.
You're going to eat wonderful food.
Someone told me
that the best you can do
for your kids is be healthy.
[soft music playing]
Hey, this bar of soap is really good.
I wonder who made it.
Who made it?
It's no other than Du-sik himself.
[Du-sik] Miss Gam-ri has been
cleaning squid for decades now.
She never gets sick of them
and still loves eating them.
But she hasn't had one for a while.
-Mi-seon.
-Hm?
Isn't the squid too tough to chew?
[Mi-seon] Really?
Mmm!
Yeah, all squid's about this tough.
You think?
[sighs]
This is really tough.
Is this about something else?
This is, too.
And this. They're all so tough to chew.
Hye-jin, I'm taking your food
if you keep complaining about it.
They're completely fine.
Mmm!
[sighs]
[beeps]
[line rings]
[Won-seok] Hello?
Hello, Won-seok? You busy right now?
I am, but I have some time
to talk right now.
Oh, that's fine.
Did you have your lunch already?
Of course. It's past lunchtime.
Uh-huh.
Did you try the marinated crab?
Yeah, you know, you've always loved it
ever since you were a little kid,
you remember?
Well, I've been too swamped
with work to eat at home lately.
-Ahh.
-I'll have it today.
You've been so busy, huh?
Take good care of your health, okay?
-You too, Mom.
-Mm-hm.
Oh, by the way,
Du-sik called a few days ago.
Du-sik called?
Hey, Won-seok. It's me, Du-sik.
How have you been?
Well, I took your mom to the dentist.
Her teeth aren't in a good condition.
She needs implants.
She refuses to get the treatment.
Right. I know.
What if you try to convince her to do it?
Did Du-sik tell you about it already?
So, what do you think I should do, then?
I heard you were refusing
to get the implants.
I can't force you to do it.
I looked it up.
And some say that dental implants
are rather bad for the elderly.
So won't it be better to get dentures?
-Oh?
-Uh, you see…
Money is tight this year.
Min-ju is studying in the States,
um, and her tuition is quite expensive.
Oh, dear. Don't…
Don't worry about me. I'll be okay.
I'm completely fine. Okay?
Don't worry about me,
just focus on your family.
How is Min-ju doing there?
[sighs]
It's so hectic today.
You're doing well.
You know, we had more patients this week.
Do you think words are getting out,
about my skills now?
Oh, yeah.
[both chuckle]
PATIENT CHART
KIM GAM-RI
[sighs]
What am I doing here?
What's wrong with me?
-Hello.
-Huh?
Goodbye.
Oh, wait.
Have you had dinner yet?
Uh, not yet.
Here you go. I didn't have any rice.
So I made some potato dough soup.
-Have you tried it before?
-I don't think so.
Oh, try some. You'll like it.
I, uh, I ground some fresh potatoes,
squeezed the moisture out of it,
and then boiled it in meat broth.
They're very chewy. Try it.
-Thank you so much.
-Mm.
How is it?
-It's really good.
-[laughs]
Oh, good.
-Have as much as you want.
-Okay.
Ah…
Uh…
This is me. They filmed this here
two years ago.
We filmed it in that very room.
[gasps]
-I see.
-Look at this.
-Huh?
-[Gam-ri] Proof that my late father served
in the Korean Independence Army in 1941.
Let me show you.
This part here said was assigned
to the second unit.
My mom had given it to me,
and I had it ever since.
Oh, but I couldn't read
the Chinese characters.
And then 30 something years ago,
a little kid read this to me.
Oh, he was so smart.
-He was a prodigy.
-[Du-sik] Grandma!
-Oh, my goodness.
-[Du-sik] Grandma.
[Gam-ri] Speak of the devil.
[chuckles]
This is Du-sik.
Yes, Du-sik. It's all thanks to him…
Look. There's our Du-sik.
[laughs]
Because of Du-sik, they recognized my dad
as a patriot who fought
for our nation's independence.
When did they air this?
Almost two years ago.
Mm.
My dad named me after the flag of Korea.
As you know, there are geon, gon, gam,
and ri in the flag. I'm Gam-ri.
And my brother's name
was Geon-gon, you know?
[Gam-ri chuckles]
-What a great name.
-That's right.
You must be proud of your dad.
Oh, yes, of course. Very proud of him.
I'm very proud of my father.
Goodness, me. You haven't eaten
because I've just been rambling on and on.
No wonder people say
the elderly talk so much.
[laughs]
-Go on, finish.
-Okay.
Enjoy.
[Hye-jin] Thank you for the meal.
Ah, well, thank you
for driving me to Seoul.
[sighs]
I came, because I wanted to talk,
but we had dinner instead.
Of course. Food comes
before anything else.
Nothing's more important than that.
I can't argue.
But if that's the case, though,
why did you want me
to pull out your teeth?
[chuckles]
Sometimes, our pain is so…
so very private.
And no one knows but you
how painful it can be, you know?
Not even your family.
Come back to the clinic.
I'll do your implants for free.
You pay for materials.
Huh?
But you have to keep it a secret.
Nobody else can find out.
If others find out,
I'll have to close the clinic.
Ah, then it's not a good idea.
I heard squid is your favorite food.
My mom's favorite food was sundae.
I'd like to see you enjoy your food again.
That's all I want.
I know that Du-sik told you.
He's precious, but also very nosy.
[chuckles]
I agree with you there.
You know, he hung that bell
up there for me.
[tinkling]
[chuckles]
[waves crashing]
-[whirring]
-Oh, shit!
[grunting]
Ah! That's probably a big one.
Whoa! What's that?
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
[lively music playing]
-Oh, hello.
-[Hye-jin gasps]
All right. I'm here to get my implants.
I'm glad you're here.
Me, too. Can I pay you first?
Ah, first, I have to consult with you,
so we can--
No, we don't need to talk anymore.
I have already gotten all the money.
I'd like to pay now.
[exhales heavily]
I've been working like a dog,
worked every day, all of my life,
so I deserve to eat squid
as much as I want, huh?
Just be careful. It's tough.
-Eh?
-Just don't go overboard.
I got two three-million-pixel HD cameras.
You can also put them
at different angles if you want.
[applauding]
It was easy, but you took long enough.
Hey, don't… If you're not more careful,
you're gonna hurt my feelings.
I had to have a serious conversation
with the mayor just to get these.
Hey, good job.
Thanks a lot for your help out.
[scoffs]
Yeah.
So why did you take so long
to talk to the mayor, then, huh?
You've always been such a slowpoke.
Hey, Miss Yeo, that's private info.
I was discreet. I'd expect the same.
Shut it. Take this.
-What is it?
-What else? It's cucumber kimchi.
You said you craved it.
Well…
[scoffs]
-[groans]
-[cell phone rings]
Move around.
See if they're working, will you?
Why, hello, Miss Gam-ri.
[Gam-ri] Bring me some porridge.
Bring it this instant.
What?
Grandma!
Grandma.
-[groaning]
-Where does it hurt?
-Oh, bring the table.
-Okay.
-Hold on.
-Oh!
Where does it hurt?
Hey, you never asked me
to bring you porridge.
I didn't know implants
would be so painful.
Oh, my head is ringing.
There's a rolling pain.
The anesthesia wore off.
Huh?
This morning, I went to the dental clinic.
-Grandma!
-Stop yelling at me, will you?
-Just give me the porridge.
-[laughs]
Okay, so, how did such a stubborn woman
like you have a change of heart?
Oh, Dr. Yoon, she visited me
yesterday evening.
She convinced you?
She offered a discount.
And told me to get the treatment already.
I thought she was being sly.
Ah, no.
On the outside, she's cold as ice.
Oh, but she's warm inside.
[Gam-ri chuckles]
She must have been through
some heartbreaks in life.
-A spoon!
-Oh.
[plastic rustling]
[thumps]
[gasps]
What's going on?
Is it a blackout?
[clicking]
[line ringing]
Hello, Miss Yeo. Oh, this is Hye-jin.
[exhales heavily]
Oh, the power has gone out.
Don't you have any candles?
No, blackouts aren't that common in Seoul.
Gosh. Well, okay.
-Here.
-[gasps]
Hey, watch it. Don't be so aggressive.
I never… Ugh! Who are you?
Hammurabi? Eye for an eye?
-Show me your teeth. Teeth.
-Why?
-Tooth for a tooth.
-Oh, you're so childish.
Hold on. Let's see.
Oh, man, what don't you have
in that bag of yours?
[Du-sik] How did the blackout happen?
I was washing my hair,
and the power went out all of a sudden.
Did this happen
to the entire neighborhood?
No, just here. Did you check the fuse box?
The fuse box?
Where is it?
Mm, forget it.
The fuse box?
Here.
How did you know it was there.
The circuit breaker is still on.
It must be the service wire.
We should call the power company.
[sighs]
Am I cursed or something?
It's not a big deal. Hang on.
Thank you.
There's an issue
with the power supply line.
That's why it's not working.
They're looking into it.
It shouldn't be long.
So, does this mean
I have to wait in the dark?
Why? Are you scared?
I'm not scared. Just asking a question.
Where's your friend?
She's getting a facial.
Do you want me to wait until she's back?
[quirky music playing]
Want some ice cream?
Uh…
I just don't want to eat ice cream
to melt, you know. Just… Hold on.
[wheel clinking]
My goodness.
Isn't that Bo-ra's hedgehog?
Yes, it is.
I didn't know it was here.
Since you turned her down.
I thought you would've gladly offer
to take it for her.
Why didn't you?
I don't take alive stuff.
You guys are similar.
The hedgehog is just like you.
You're both spiky.
-What are you talking about?
-You even look alike.
You're so annoying.
I'm sorry.
What was that?
It's unlike you to apologize right away.
I was, uh, pretty harsh on you
before I got to know you.
I was wrong about you, but sorry.
Stop that. You're scaring me.
She agreed to get treatment,
because you were so warm with her.
You're brilliant.
I just… I wanna make up…
Before… The way I was before.
And she did pay me, so…
I'm going to make a lot here,
and then go back to Seoul.
I haven't changed my mind,
so don't get confused.
Good. I hope you get rich.
[Du-sik] Here.
[romantic music playing]
Thanks for the ice cream.
What was that? That was sudden.
CHIEF HONG
[Du-sik] Open the fuse box.
[gasps]
What? No way.
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong!
Where'd you find this?
Don't wake everyone up here.
-Where'd you get this one?
-On the street.
It was swept out to sea.
Wow, still pretty good.
[chuckles]
Awesome.
[closing theme music playing]
Whoa!
What is that? It's a leg?
Why would a shoe be here?
I thought it was a leg.
HOW TO DRY WET SHOES
Interesting.
HOW TO DRY SOAKED SHOES
IN MONSOON SEASON
WIPE THE INSIDE WITH NEWSPAPERS
Oh, the inside, too.
-[female voice] Lastly, use cool air.
-Use what?
[female voice] Use cool air.
[closing theme music continues playing]
[Hye-jin] He's always around
when you least expect it,
so where is he today?
[Mi-seon] You have a crush on this guy.
A man and woman can be just friends.
[Myeong-hak] They've been putting cameras
in the exam rooms.
You sure are beautiful, doctor.
-Chief Hong only has today to spare.
-Then I'll go.
[Hwa-jeong] Dr. Yoon must be drunk. Huh?
It's Yoon Dental Clinic.
Our presence is requested.
-[gasps]
-Oh, my…
You can ask me just one more question.
Why did you come to Gongjin?